Why has this World Cup been so pivotal for
the US and soccer going forward?
Yeah there's no doubt this World Cup
is really the first time
I have seen, or we've seen, here in the
US just
you know so much support and I think the
main reason is that first off
we have a team that actually is finally
decent that has the opportunity to
potentially be a winner
and I think really what has
happened over the last several years is
that
here in the US we finally can watch the
best soccer in the world
On the weekend we can turn on the Premier League we can watch the best players in the world
and that is what has captivated the kids,
the fans, and has put
really this interest behind soccer so
you know definitely when they say it's
soccer there is no doubt its on the uptake
here in the US
The current team is also littered with players who say they got hooked on
the games back in 1994 and 2002 so
as we push forward now over the years do you
think some of the strength you're seeing  in the team
is gonna continue
and actually gain further support?
Yeah, no doubt - look at the
the guy that scored the last goal, Julian
Green, nineteen years old and really
is supposed to be the next great
US soccer player if I can even say next
great US soccer player
may be the first great US soccer player
but in any case there's no doubt
little kids nowadays and over the past
several years
10-15 years have been watching soccer
and understanding
one day they can play in the World Cup
and what that means is
they're choosing to play soccer over
sports here like American Football
and basketball and baseball and when you
have that you're starting to get the
better players
or the better athletes to play soccer
and that's going to increase the chances
of the US team having good players
You mention the crucial point here
If I look at how much TV rights, how
advertising money, is to be made
in the likes of baseball, basketball,
American football, in the US
it feels to me that soccer still gonna
have a real hard time getting funding
and the kinda support going forward? How's it going to win that air time battle
in the US
that's a great question but if you look
it
what this World Cup has meant and what's
happened in terms of the
following, I mean you know, even you're showing President Obama, it's kinda
funny situation
funny slide there, with him
cheering on everyone
Who could have ever imagined this? It's
really gaining this popularity
1.4 million people I think streamed the US
game versus Germany
there was a crash I mean you're
definitely starting to see
a lot of that popularity over social
media and that's going to win the
advertisers dollars at the end of the
day a lot of money is now being poured
into the social aspect of it
and I've never seen an event like this
captivate the entire country
the only other event could be the Super
Bowl so at the end of the day
advertisers are definitely gonna start
pouring money
into soccer but again the one big issue
is that
when the World Cup isn't going on you
have the Premier League and you have Major
League Soccer and Major League Soccer
isn't the best players in the world so
where's that money going to go is it
gonna go overseas to europe
is it gonna go into MLS that's going to
be the big question for advertisers
but they're gonna wanna get behind
soccer